Previously on Marshals...
[Garrett] That last op
changed everything.
I still get plenty to wake up
screaming at night.
What I miss
is what you got here.
Pull up a chair. Cal.
I'm buying.
I think I'm gonna rain check it.
After all we've been through.
you can't sit down.
have one drink with me?
[Miles] I didn't realize
she was your daughter
when I asked her out.
Isabel Turek. right?
[Belle]
Team knows me as Skinner.
I'd like to keep it that way.
You gonna get back
on that horse?
[Kayce]
Not sure I'm ready.
You say Clegg is doing this
all because of you.
then focus on saving Dre.
[Andrea] Jury's still out
on this place. but
as long as I'm here. I'm glad
it's on a team with you.
[bubbling]
Morning. cowboy.
Didn't realize
you were still here.
[scoffs] I ain't no two-cheek
sneak. You want some joe?
Make yourself at home.
Well. tell you what. Coyo.
If we'd had teammates
like Andrea in the Navy.
I'd still be a SEAL.
Being held captive by the Cleggs
wasn't torture enough?
Who knew I can't resist
the power of a country ballad?
Well. if you want to earn
room and board
for your overnight guest.
you'll have to prep
the lower pastures today.
Well. want to get
your hands dirty with me?
Oh. I can't. Shrink cleared me
hot to go back to work.
[Garrett]
After two weeks?
[Andrea]
What can I say? I'm resilient.
If I haven't said it lately.
thanks again for saving my ass.
♪ slow. dramatic music ♪
♪♪♪
-You all right. there?
-[Calvin] Yeah.
[Belle] Imagining Miles' face
on that bag?
No.
It's Maddie's doing
that's messed up.
Dating a nice guy is messed up?
Keeping me out of her life
'cause she refuses
to forgive the past.
and now. she's dating somebody
who works for me?
Yeah. sure the hell is.
All right. resist the urge
to make this about you. okay?
Time is on your side.
Cal. you want her to give you a
second chance. lead by example.
Show Miles some grace.
Maybe she'll do
the same for you.
Hey. wait. wait. wait.
BOP needs us
to transfer some inmates
from a state facility to a
federal one this afternoon. and
they need their beds back.
I guess. and
I'm leaning toward
sending you and Dre. but...
What do you think?
You think she's ready
to get back in the field
after the whole Clegg ordeal?
I think if she's not.
we need to know.
Better to test her when the
bad guys are already in chains.
♪ dramatic music ♪
♪ soaring. dynamic music ♪
♪♪♪
♪ "My Cross" by Jelly Roll
playing ♪
♪ Your blood is my blood ♪
♪ And poison runs deep ♪
♪ Knowing you're mine
scares the hell out of me ♪
♪ 'Cause hurt is a sickness... ♪
Whoa. whoa. whoa. Easy. easy.
Whoa. easy. easy.
♪ 'Cause that's my cross
to carry ♪
♪ My scars to heal... ♪
Whoa. whoa. whoa. Easy. Easy.
♪ I pray every day
I can love you enough ♪
♪ So my cross to carry ♪
♪ Won't be yours to pick up ♪
Look at my reclamation projects.
This horse gets me.
It's hard to live in the past
when you got a thousand pounds
of fury relying on you. huh?
Stallion's the best defense
I've found
for the tornadoes in my head.
Turn you into a cowboy yet.
Stetson's a good start.
After all you've done for me.
I'm not sure I deserve
a gift this nice.
It's a regift. actually.
Someone gave it to me.
said mine was too dirty.
They clearly don't know
what it's for.
You know.
I was at the end of my rope
when I landed on your doorstep.
Now. it feels like
I found a new beginning.
Thank you.
[vehicle approaching]
-[chuckles]
-No horse today?
[Dolly]
Riding's not on the agenda.
Kayce requested my help.
[Garrett]
Coyo'd rather wrestle a gator
-than ask for help.
-[Dolly chuckles]
[Garrett]
Must be important.
Yeah. and top secret.
Oh. I didn't realize
you had company.
Hi. I'm Dolly.
We met at the bar.
Oh. I know who you are.
[Andrea and Dolly chuckle]
[Dolly] You want to help
with Kayce's project?
[Andrea]
Oh. really wish I could.
but Cal called.
I'm on the schedule today.
Sure you're ready?
It's either sink or swim.
huh. sailor?
I'll see you
at the Bullet later?
Table for two.
Okay.
You good to groom
the horses solo?
Easy day. Coyo.
[engine starts]
[laughs]
Can you make that to go?
Should really get to the office.
Trying to stay
on my boss's good side.
You want to stay
on my good side?
Take me to see the Fescue Twins
at Sound Decision.
You gonna try to make me dance?
If you're lucky.
We'll see.
Be careful.
[Miles]
What's that mean?
Means...
when the news
talks about marshals
taking on the Cleggs.
I know that was you.
Despite you
not mentioning it once
in two weeks since it happened.
You have the proper
security clearance?
Does having an interest
in the well-being of the man
I'm dating count?
I'm at work.
You can kiss me
when we're dancing.
[cheering]
-Hey. hey!
-[whooping]
-There you go!
-Welcome back.
Can we please
not make a thing of this?
Oh. do not get shy
on us now. girl.
[Calvin] All right. all right.
You're embarrassing her.
Come on. go back to work.
All right. You ready to go back
downrange. Dre?
Two weeks of psych evals
had me crawling the walls.
I'm itching to go hunting.
All right. Well. what are
your thoughts on bus monitoring?
[Calvin] You and Belle.
you're gonna be ferrying
five pretrial prisoners
from Atkins to Rexburg. okay?
[Belle] We'll be chaperoning
an embezzler.
a doctor rapist.
and a few killers.
Step up in the world
from the Cleggs. at least.
Straightforward
prisoner transfer. okay?
Should be a smooth reentry
for you. Dre.
[Dolly] I warned you. I am
not my dad in the kitchen. but
it's sweet you're throwing
Garrett a birthday dinner.
He's just been so haunted
by his past.
I want him to appreciate
the present.
How many folks need to enjoy the
Weaver family upside-down cake?
It's just the team. so
six or seven.
depending on if Cal comes.
Five marshals
plus Garrett makes six.
You think I'd ask you to bake
and not invite you to the party?
[chuckles] After my behavior
at the last dinner here.
I wouldn't blame you.
[men shouting outside]
♪ suspenseful. dramatic music ♪
[shouting continues]
[horse neighing]
Garrett!
♪♪♪
[neighing]
[coughs]
[straining]
[grunting]
[coughs]
Garrett. Garrett.
[distant siren wailing]
[Dolly]
Any updates?
Uh. doctors are still working.
You inhaled a lot of smoke.
Maybe you should
get checked out.
I'm fine.
♪ tense. dramatic music ♪
Is there anyone
we should call for Garrett?
[Calvin] Dre. it's your last
chance to tap out.
Helicopter mom is not
a good look on you.
[laughs]
[Andrea]
I'm squared away.
I'd say she's feeling herself.
-[others chuckle]
-[phone buzzing]
Hey. Kayce. what's up?
[Kayce over phone]
An old space heater in the barn
shorted out
and there was a fire.
I'm at the hospital.
With Garrett.
What? How bad is he?
Bad. Looked like
second-degree burns.
I don't even want to think
about his lungs.
Should I come there?
What-what can I do?
Uh. there's nothing to do
but wait.
Pray. if that's your thing.
I'll keep you posted.
♪ somber music ♪
-[Belle] What?
-What-what happened?
Garrett's in the hospital.
-[Belle] What?
-[Andrea] Fire on Kayce's ranch.
He has burns.
Wait. is-- Does he have
smoke inhalation? I mean.
are they worried
about his lungs. or...
I'm sure Kayce
will brief you. too.
[Miles]
I can handle the transport
if you want to head
to the hospital.
Kayce said there's nothing
we can do but wait.
I can't have Gifford thinking
I'm not ready
to come off the bench.
Work will be a good distraction.
Okay. Miles. hold it down here.
I know you have a lot of work to
do. so if you need to leave...
I'm not letting you
face this alone.
[door opens]
What's the update?
Radio silence.
Hmm. Yeah.
seems to be going around.
[Kayce] Well. you wouldn't
have a beer with Double G.
Figured you didn't want
to sit vigil either.
[Calvin]
So. what happened?
There was a fire in the barn.
Garrett ran in to save
the horses. Damn heroic.
Yeah. having Double G around
is more complicated for me
than you know.
I drafted him onto Bravo.
I swim-buddied him.
and I groomed him
for a career in the Teams.
Just to take it all away
when you pulled his bird.
♪ tense. dramatic music ♪
Mr. Garvey's in recovery.
You can see him now.
[sighs] Feels like
this should be frogmen only.
Okay.
-[alarm buzzes]
-[gate opens]
[indistinct chatter]
♪ tense music ♪
Told we were moving
five prisoners.
[guard] Late addition.
Samantha Clarkson.
Serving time in state.
but the AUSA asked us
to send her down for a meeting.
Enough seats on the bus.
-Appreciate the heads-up.
-[guard] Got a bunch of the
throat cutters in this bunch.
You're worried
about a blue-hair?
-Lucky for you. I'm unarmed.
-[guard] Right.
[Andrea]
Load 'em up.
Take the women to the back.
I'll hang in front with the men.
[Andrea]
What was that?
You all right?
Yeah. I'm fine.
It's not my headspace
that needs monitoring. You good?
Never better.
[both chuckle]
♪♪♪
How are the horses. Coyo?
You saved 'em. brother.
That stallion knew
he could trust you.
[scoffs] How do I look.
Senior Chief?
Gave us quite a scare. Double G.
Yeah. I'm starting to appreciate
my survivor's instinct.
Mr. Garvey. I am Dr. Roberts.
I'm a trauma surgeon here.
How are you feeling?
[sighs] Not near as frisky
as when I got up this morning.
When can he go home?
We're not there yet.
Mr. Garvey's blood tests show
elevated inflammatory proteins.
[Calvin]
Meaning what. exactly?
[Dr. Roberts]
It suggests his burns
are more severe than visual
inspection in the ER indicated.
I'd like to prep you
for surgical debridement.
[Kayce] Can his lungs even
handle a surgery right now?
Mr. Garvey's pulmonary capacity
is a valid concern.
but not removing the
dying tissue around his wounds.
it increases the likelihood
of infection and sepsis.
[sighs]
♪ somber music ♪
It's your call.
I'll take on any battle...
with my two brothers with me.
You got this. brother.
[Calvin]
Hey.
Never out of the fight.
Double G.
♪ sweeping. dramatic music ♪
♪♪♪
Were you giving my partner
a hard time earlier?
She didn't say anything to you?
Belle's a closed book.
Then quit trying to open it.
Maybe Samantha
recognized her from Nye.
What's Nye?
Everyone knows about
the 2007 Nye mine disaster.
Girl I knew had dreams
bigger than wearing a badge.
-[crashing]
-[all screaming]
[screaming]
♪ tense. suspenseful music ♪
♪♪♪
[Andrea muffled]
Can you hear me?
You okay?
Belle? Can you hear me?
[groans]
Belle.
You okay?
[weakly] What the hell happened?
[Andrea] Rockslide.
Guard and driver are dead.
and three prisoners escaped.
Remaining prisoners
are pretty beat up and slide's
gonna impede emergency crews.
[Belle sighs]
We need to render aid.
I'll take this guy.
[grunts]
[Calvin]
Get the. uh. escapee pictures
to the media for broadcast.
and make sure they have
the. uh. tip line information.
You're not gonna believe this.
That prisoner bus that Belle
and Andrea are escorting
just got caught up
in a rockslide.
-She and Belle all right?
-They're treating the injured.
but we got three violent men
on the loose.
Timing sucks.
Hey. look. Miles is
on his way here. so
gonna be plenty of boots
on the ground.
Garrett needs you here.
No man left behind.
[sighs]
[Andrea]
How is he?
Well. he took quite a knock. but
he'll be all right.
Mild traumatic brain injury.
Oh. right. Derek Rivers.
the sleazy ob-gyn.
You had your license revoked for
taking liberties with patients
-under sedation.
-[Belle] Yeah. I think
we'll leave the handcuffs on.
I'm hardly the worst monster
left on this bus.
In your unbiased opinion.
Jury convicted Samantha
for destroying
hundreds of lives.
[Belle]
Let's get working on the others.
You saying she was
a serial killer or something?
[Derek] She ignored
safety regulations at her mine.
[Belle]
What's their status?
Uh. Samantha's leg
is in a lot of pain.
[wincing]
All right. well.
she's all yours.
Didn't get any better
in your absence.
Maybe it's broken?
[groans]
Nasty.
Marshals have emergency
medical training.
Unlike some. we don't cut
corners when it comes to safety.
[Samantha groans]
That what your partner told you?
[chuckles] No. but the fact
that she keeps avoiding you
tells me you probably
ruined her family.
[groaning]
It was the CEO's fault.
so you know.
He took the easy way out.
Prosecutors needed a fall guy.
I was the COO.
so they came after me.
♪ upbeat rock music ♪
Corwin Springs cops
say if any of the fugitives
-have connections in town?
-[Calvin] No known friends
or family. Just that they found
the truck reported stolen
from that hunter's camp
near the bus crash.
Inmate steals a ride to escape.
why ditch it?
Maybe it's to catch
a different ride.
You know. freight trains run
right through Corwin Springs.
You could hop one.
avoid police roadblocks.
right on your run to freedom.
Smart.
[sighs]
You know. I'd ask how you
and Maddie are doing
if I weren't so good
at respecting her boundaries.
Feels like there's
something real between us.
Well. this job will rip
through that real quick.
That's pretty cold.
Well. you know.
hard truths usually are.
Work would send me downrange.
It put stress on Maddie's mom.
and. over time.
the cracks in the relationship
just inevitably fractured.
Be solid intel if I were a SEAL.
It was a different job.
but same collateral damage.
Good thing then.
That it's early enough
to end it?
That I'm not you.
♪♪♪
Have you checked
Samantha's tourniquet?
Uh. been kind of busy up here.
Thought I was the only one
bringing ghosts to this op.
Meaning what?
You're putting your anger
at Samantha ahead of your duty.
And why would I be angry at her?
Her mine wrecked
the town you're from.
If the guy who shot my dad
was on this bus.
I'd be pissed. too.
But please. dial it in.
What else did she say?
Proclaimed her innocence.
Claimed the CEO was to blame
for the accident.
"took the easy way out."
The easy way out.
[laughs softly]
[Samantha groaning]
He paid the victims
and their families
out of his own pocket.
Then when the money ran out.
he hanged himself.
She has just as much blood
on her hands as my father.
Your dad was the mine CEO?
All these times
I've mentioned my dead dad.
you never thought to share
you're a member of the club?
Well. yours died a hero.
I had to leave town and start
a new life because of mine.
Should I be bleeding
this much? [groaning]
-Ugh.
-[Samantha] Oh. God.
[Andrea]
We need to reset the leg
and stabilize her
if we don't want her
to bleed out
before help arrives.
This'll have to work.
You ready?
[screaming in pain]
This is gonna hurt.
Inflicting pain
must be hereditary.
-[snaps]
-[screams]
How'd it go?
[nurse] Give him a bit.
The meds are strong.
I think I might've died
on that table.
I saw Roner.
You're good. man. I got you.
Where's Cal?
♪ somber music ♪
He got spun up for work.
He wanted to stay.
Sure he did.
Just tell Cal...
Tell him...
I'm sorry.
Sorry for what?
[distant train horn blowing]
It is freezing up here.
Bomb cyclone's moving in.
Yeah. well.
storm's gonna be nothing
compared to Harry's wrath if we
don't track these escapees down.
-Hey. Sheriff Hollings?
-Yep. Yeah.
Deputy Marshals
Calvin and Kittle.
-Good to meet you.
-Hunter reported a Beretta
and a 1911 that was in the truck
when it was stolen.
[Hollings] Uh. we found
no weapons in the truck.
The rest of my men are out
searching the tracks.
Armed and dangerous fugitive
on the loose.
Kind of thing
doesn't happen around here.
Yeah. So why here?
Why make a pit stop? That truck
was their ticket to freedom.
Might've heard about
the cold front moving in.
wanted to stock up
on provisions.
Hey. we're gonna take a look
inside the general store.
-Maybe just stand by here?
-You got it.
Hey.
Let's not announce
ourselves as law.
Mm-hmm.
Just follow my lead.
[bell jingles]
["Where The Dream Ends" by Josh
Ritter playing over speakers]
♪ Where the dream ends ♪
♪ Drop me off here
on the verge ♪
[indistinct chatter]
♪ Just past where my teardrops ♪
♪ Start streaming ♪
♪ Just before where
I run out of words ♪
♪ This cruel world ♪
♪ Is no place for memories ♪
♪ But some still survive... ♪
[customer] I know who you are.
Seen you on the TV.
-[others gasping]
-I'm calling the police.
Pal.
-[gunshot]
-[others screaming]
-Everybody down! Nobody leaves!
Wait. no. We can't. There's
too many in the crossfire.
On the floor!
I want your phones!
Anybody tries anything.
and you're dead.
[others whimpering. crying]
[Miles]
What are we supposed to do?
[Shawn]
Move. Now!
Let's go!
Whatever they say.
How's he doing?
In and out. Mostly sleeping.
He did say he died on the table.
[Dr. Roberts sighs]
That's the pain meds.
We'll start titrating him
off the oxy tomorrow.
So is he out of the woods?
[Dr. Roberts]
His oxygen saturation
is still low.
He suffered a lot of heat
and smoke damage to his lungs.
That puts a lot of pressure
on his airways and his heart.
[phone buzzes]
Um...
Dad's got a VC pitch tomorrow
he needs help with.
I wanted the night off
to sit with you. [sighs]
Well. Garrett's not leaving
anytime soon.
Means neither am I. Go.
Call me if you change your mind.
♪ tense. suspenseful music ♪
I got to go take care
of something. brother.
You hang tight.
I'll be back.
Thank you.
For sharing about your dad.
Mm.
Well. I figured you'd do
some Internet sleuthing
-after this anyway.
-You know me well.
[both chuckle]
This stays with me.
And if you ever
want to talk about it...
[Samantha groaning]
Turek Metals...
was a pillar of Nye
for four generations.
Till greed made it
come crashing down.
End of story.
When was the last time
you saw Samantha?
Her sentencing.
I'll keep an eye on her.
You just try and get her
out of your head.
[Samantha groaning]
My chest hurts.
Hey. can you come check her out?
Doctor?
Did that med kit
have a stethoscope?
Her jugular vein is distended.
There's fluid
in her pleural space.
It's likely blood.
I need to drain it.
alleviate the pressure
on her lungs.
You can coach.
but the cuffs stay on.
There's not a lot of room
for error in this procedure.
Belle. I'm gonna have to delay
you clearing your head.
Uh...
Untreated hemothorax
can be fatal.
She's dying?
[Andrea]
Not if we get to work.
Your choices are to help me now
or explain later
why we had to uncuff an inmate
in our custody.
[sighs] I can't.
[Andrea]
You're obligated to treat her.
even if she ruined your life.
You don't have this much hate
in your heart.
Belle. not even
for your worst enemy.
She's not my enemy.
[breathing heavily]
[stammers] She's my mother.
♪ tense. suspenseful music ♪
[Shawn] If you're gonna
take shots at me.
you're gonna have to go
through these folks.
We need to make our move.
We can't let two killers
call the shots.
Cops are running
their playbook. Okay?
And we'll gonna get him talking.
echo his demands.
and then convince him to
start letting the hostages go.
Kids first.
You're so sure that's how this
goes down. You don't know that.
Look. man. the way we help
is by keeping things calm
in here. You trust me.
[woman crying]
[Shawn]
I told you what I wanted and you
keep stalling.
so I'm done talking
until you start delivering.
Hey.
[truck engine rumbling]
[engine turns off]
♪ foreboding music ♪
[birds cawing]
♪♪♪
[Andrea] I give you a hard time
about being a control freak.
but standing back
and watching your mom die
will spin you out.
You worked so hard
to erase your old life.
You really want Samantha
to haunt your new one?
♪ tense music ♪
How do we save her?
[Derek] Should be shears.
alcohol. and a needle
decompression kit
in that bag somewhere.
Yeah. glove up.
Let's get those shears.
[Andrea] Got it.
Okay. you're gonna cut open
the side of her shirt.
And then. use the alcohol to
clean the skin above her ribs.
[spraying]
Good. good.
Get that needle
and catheter ready.
So. you're going to insert it
between her fifth
and sixth ribs.
-How deep?
-Till I say stop.
[winces] Bet you love this.
I hate everything about this.
Stop. Okay.
now remove the needle.
leave that catheter in.
Leave your hand there.
[Samantha groaning]
[Derek]
Put pressure on her back.
I spent almost 20 years
wondering if I would die
with my daughter
still hating me.
I was hoping for more time
before I got an answer.
[sighs]
♪ gentle music ♪
There's my Izzy Bear.
I told you what I wanted
and you keep stalling.
so I'm done talking
until you start delivering.
We got to show them
we're serious.
That one.
-Grab her. grab her.
-[woman] No. leave her alone!
-Hold what you got. man.
-[Shawn] Now! Let's go!
Come here. Come here.
You see this? You see this?
-I'll shoot her right now.
-Hey.
-He's bluffing. He's bluffing.
-[Miles] You don't want her.
you want me.
I'm a U.S. Marshal.
Take me instead of her.
Back against the wall.
Now. Move!
Federal agent makes a hell
of a hostage. Take my gun.
[Shawn]
Yeah. I'll take...
-[gunshots]
-[others screaming]
[Miles]
Hands behind your back.
That was a choice.
[wind whistling]
♪ suspenseful music ♪
[grunting]
[both grunting]
Kayce Dutton?
It's Neil Lamb.
I know who you are.
I'm a friend of the family.
Remember?
We ain't friends.
-[indistinct chatter]
-[siren wailing]
Some risky moves
you pulled off in there.
Pays off not trusting
the holy playbook.
Please. just lucky you had
a gunslinger with you.
[laughs]
Hey. but you know.
the real question
is what are you gonna tell
your other partner?
Blow-by-blow?
All Maddie's gonna hear is that
you almost got killed today.
Yeah. it's gonna live
in her head
every second you're on the job.
But. hey. build up some walls.
Keep it from her.
Then half your life is a lie.
So. I'm screwed
no matter what I do.
Hey. you said it. man.
You're not me.
So. maybe you find
the magic balance I couldn't.
[Andrea] If your mom
took the hit for your dad.
why are you so mad at her?
Because she was just
as guilty as he was.
and then she betrayed him
by playing victim.
Look. I turned my back
on my family because
of what they did to our town.
but I turned my back on my mom
because of what she did to him.
Maybe if I put
enough criminals away.
it'll make up for the ones
that raised me.
[Andrea] Nearly died.
but I bet this was
the best day
of her last 20 years.
[scoffs]
[phone buzzes]
-Hey. Cal.
-[Calvin over phone] Hey.
Have you heard from Kayce?
[Andrea] Uh. not since Garrett
got out of surgery.
Man. I just tried calling him
to get an update.
and it goes straight
to voicemail. so I called
the hospital.
and they said that he left.
He left Garrett?
It must be serious.
Yeah. it's what I'm thinking.
so I had the office
ping his phone.
and it's up in
the Madison Range somewhere.
That-that's right by
our crash location.
Yeah. something's off.
so I'm-a go up there
and try to find him.
Do you want us to come help?
No. we still got
a missing prisoner.
and I got Harry up my ass.
Okay? So I need you. Belle.
and Miles to run point on it.
Copy.
Hey. I...
I know you must be worried
about Garrett. too.
Guy's a survivor.
I'll call you in a bit.
[sighs]
[Neil]
Saw that tin on your belt.
U.S. Marshal.
Guessing it's no coincidence
I'm your collar.
Lloyd used to take
the Yellowstone hands
hunting up here.
Took a shot you'd travel
a path you knew
to escape into Wyoming.
And you didn't bring a posse?
Last time I saw you.
you were heading off to war.
Your dad didn't think
he'd ever see you again.
You seem to remember a lot about
your time on the Yellowstone.
I was worried
the girl we spoiled
was gonna get eaten up
by the world when she
lost everything at 17.
[scoffs]
But here you are.
a regular Calamity Jane.
[Belle]
Well. finding your father
hanging by his belt
tends to toughen one up.
♪ quiet. dramatic music ♪
I have a lot of time
to think about you in my cell.
Always picture you
on horseback in Patagonia.
maybe the Outback.
a world away
from all the hurt you endured.
[scoffs]
Turns out. you were
half an hour from me.
My need to pay back Montana
outweighed my want
to escape you.
The amount of pain
we caused you.
I'm so sorry. Izzy.
♪♪♪
Today. I learned
you're a marshal
and a better woman than
I could've ever hoped to be.
Be lying if I said
I didn't want to know more.
I can't have my son...
...tainted
by what you and Dad did.
[dog barking]
I'm a grandmother?
-[distant shouting]
-[Samantha gasps]
[barking continues]
We can't escape the past.
but can we try to move forward?
[man]
We found them. They're here.
My life is very ordered.
[man]
Bring the med kit.
This feels like it
would be messy.
That wasn't a no.
[man]
The ambulance is waiting.
[distant shouting]
[Neil] Yellowstone brand's
a sign of loyalty. remember.
Also gave me a front-row seat to
how my family ran the business.
Word is. you're trying to cut
a deal with the prosecutors.
Makes me wonder
what you're offering in return.
Anyone I could
drop a dime on is gone.
So why are you trying to protect
the legacy of a dead man?
'Cause if you reveal
my family secrets.
you risk upending the life I've
carved out for me and my son.
♪ tense. dramatic music ♪
You're right.
I probably got enough
on the Duttons
to keep me from doing hard time.
But you get me
across that border.
I will forget everything
I ever knew.
That only works if the law
never catches up with you.
You got a poor
track record there.
So you don't see any scenario
where you can trust me
to keep quiet?
Only one. far as I can figure.
Even as a boy.
you were a different sort of man
than your father.
You don't have to solve
this problem the way he would.
[branch snaps]
♪ suspenseful. dramatic music ♪
Coyo. What the hell
are you doing?
♪♪♪
♪ intense. percussive music ♪